>> KHLOE: Queen of Cleveland!
For the past eight months, I
have been basically bicoastal.
I appreciate how comfortable he
wants me to be.
>> KOURTNEY: It's just sad that
she's, like, definitely not
coming back anytime soon.
>> KIM: I have such anxiety,
just going places.
I'm not as, like, open and out
there as I used to be.
Tonight on...
After ten years, it's finally
here.
I'm so excited.
I'm launching KKW Beauty.
People are saying I'm doing
blackface.
I did a photo shoot, and there
were some people online saying
the photos were inappropriate.
>> STEPHANIE: What do you do?
It's already out.
>> SCOTT: There's only one
person that would've gotten me
not invited.
It's funny how fake you really
are.
♪ ♪
>> SCOTT: It is nice out.
>> KHLOE: So, my dog's so cute.
>> SCOTT: Yeah.
How old is that dog?
>> KHLOE: Like, 12.
>> SCOTT: He's been living the
dream.
>> KHLOE: It's a she.
>> SCOTT: She has been living
the dream.
>> KHLOE: Mm-hmm.
She's had two leg surgeries.
big
of a dream.
>> SCOTT: Can you... can you not
jiggle your butt when you're
talking to me?
>> KHLOE: First of all, the fact
that you were staring at that...
I was jiggling my leg.
>> SCOTT: I mean, how can I
not?
I was trying to get my face out
of the sun...
>> KHLOE: That's wild that
that's what you looked at.
I was, literally, out of just,
like, a tic.
>> SCOTT: It's not a tic.
You're literally twerking.
>> KHLOE: No. I'm literally
shaking my leg.
>> SCOTT: Are you joking me?
It looks like you have a
vibrator lodged into your ass
right now.
>> KHLOE: Shut up. That's crazy.
>> SCOTT: It's not crazy.
I'm trying to talk to you, and
your butt's just bouncing around
town-- I feel like I'm at a
strippy.
I have no cash on me.
>> KHLOE: Oh, God.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE (East European accent):
How beautiful is my country,
people!
Oh, this is good.
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, yeah.
>> KHLOE: There she is.
The boss is here!
The boss.
And I bet you didn't shut the
door.
Remember when we had a scorpion
in the house?
>> KOURTNEY: No.
>> KHLOE: I did-- a big-ass
scorpion.
And my floors are black.
>> KIM: What?!
>> KOURTNEY: Remember when I got
stung by a scorpion?
>> KHLOE: There's a huge
scorpion in the...
That's why we got to shut the
doors. (laughs)
Well, I have some news.
>> KIM and KOURTNEY: What?
>> KIM: What?! Good news?
>> KHLOE: Yeah, see how I'm
building up the suspense?
>> KOURTNEY: What is it?
>> KHLOE: Guess who's coming
home, kids?!
>> KIM: What? You guys broke up?
>> KHLOE: Oh, stop. No!
>> KIM: Just kidding.
>> KHLOE: No. Tristan and I will
be here from July to October.
Whoo, whoo!
>> KIM: What? That's...
>> KOURTNEY: July to October?
Three months.
>> KIM: That's good, 'cause you
live there most of the time, so
he can, like, then live where
you live the other time.
>> KHLOE: Yeah, he was like,
"I want to, like, be with..."
>> KIM: That's fair.
>> KHLOE: "...your family more."
And, like, he, like, really
wants to, like, hang out with
all of us more.
We're gonna be here, but we also
want a house in the city.
>> KIM: That's cool.
>> KHLOE: I love that, like,
Tristan was, "Look, I want to be
there this summer."
We're always in Cleveland, and
he-- not that he...
Like, he literally can't come
here and hang out with you guys.
He's like, "I want to be a part
of your family and, like, do
stuff as a group."
Aren't you guys excited?!
>> KIM: Yes!
>> KHLOE: Tristan and I were
thinking about staying in
Cleveland for the summer.
But, you know, we talked about
it, and we actually want to come
to L.A.
It's so nice.
I've never had a guy, like, want
our families to blend before.
So, Tristan and I want to find a
place in the city, because
Tristan does two-a-day practices
at UCLA.
And trust me, nobody in L.A.
wants to sit in traffic for over
two hours every single day.
Tristan has always gone out of
his way to make me feel at home,
and in Cleveland, he's gone
above and beyond.
So in L.A., I want to do the
same for him.
>> KIM: What if I jump from this
one to that one?
>> KHLOE: Why are you sitting
with your heels in my couch,
like this is a club?
>> KIM: I was gonna try to jump
from this one to that one.
>> KHLOE: No, you're not.
On a stone table?
>> KOURTNEY: Have you ever poked
a hole in a club with your heel?
>> KHLOE: All the time.
No, you're going to poke a hole.
Oh, my God.
>> KIM: Oh, (bleep), I poked a
hole. I'm just kidding.
Ha-ha. Gotcha!
Ha-ha-ha.
Welcome home.
Okay, guys, I have to do 20...
♪ ♪
Looking at the ocean?
>> JONATHAN: Kim, where you at?
>> KIM: I'm here.
>> JONATHAN: What's up?
>> KIM: Hey.
>> JONATHAN: What are you doing?
>> KIM: I mean, it could be...
it could be folded in here,
though.
Um, just going over all this
stuff I have in my closet that I
need to... organize, and
trying to...
>> JONATHAN: Every time I come
here, you're organizing.
Holy crap.
>> KIM: You're gonna love what
I've been up to.
You probably think that I've
been doing nothing.
>> JONATHAN: No, I don't.
What the (bleep)?
>> KIM: Okay. So, my makeup...
>> JONATHAN: You're never doing
nothing.
>> KIM: Are you ready to see my
makeup?
>> JONATHAN: Yes.
>> KIM: So, you get a box.
Then this is what my packaging
comes in.
>> JONATHAN: That's sick!
>> KIM: Gorgeous, right?
>> JONATHAN: It's like liquid.
>> KIM: Liquid.
Then, inside is gonna be two
sticks.
This color-- and this is my
brush.
Isn't it, like, so pretty?
So, everything is just gonna be
really pretty nude.
>> JONATHAN: That's nice.
>> KIM: Yeah. So, that's my
whole makeup.
>> JONATHAN: How's Kylie feeling
about you being a makeup mogul
as well?
>> KIM: Um, she's really, like,
so supportive of it.
>> JONATHAN: So cool.
>> KIM: So cool.
I have my makeup line that I'm
launching, KKW Beauty.
And... it's so exciting to do
something on my own.
I kind of like the darker bag.
I just think it matches this the
best.
If you want your single stick,
that would obviously have way
more product.
It's only one color.
Basically, for the past almost
decade, my sisters and I have
always had a licensing deal.
But going from being a licensee
to a owner is such a big deal.
And it's so much more
responsibility.
I feel like this has been what
I've been working for for ten
years.
>> JONATHAN: I love it.
Congrats.
>> KIM: Thanks.
>> JONATHAN: Exciting.
>> KIM: Wait, can I post, uh,
you wearing this jacket?
>> JONATHAN (quietly): I don't
want to.
>> KIM: You guys, Jonathan stole
my Good American jacket.
>> JONATHAN: This is a guy's
jacket.
I (bleep) love it.
>> KIM: Well, now it is, but it
wasn't.
So, Khlo, your first guys'
customer.
>> NORTH: See? I have flowers.
>> KIM: You love flowers?
>> MAN: You have an awesome
face.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: Okay, so basically,
let me tell you.
Malika's dating this guy who's a
football player.
Malika met him with Khadijah.
She has only hung out with him
in person for five days. Okay?
>> KHADIJAH: Yes.
>> KHLOE: And she's tell...
You know how Malika is.
She falls in love like that.
>> KHADIJAH: Immediately.
>> MALIKA: Okay, talk (bleep)
while I'm sitting here.
>> KHLOE: We're not talking
(bleep), though.
We're just saying the facts.
>> KHADIJAH: That's what you
call it.
>> KHLOE: And so, whatever.
So, he's like, "I don't know if
I'm coming on Friday anymore,
'cause I have a meeting with my
financial advisor."
And I'm, like, thinking you and
I, if we had a meeting with
Lester...
>> KOURTNEY: We would cancel it.
>> KHLOE: ...and if you were to
see Frenchie or whoever...
>> MALIKA: He just said... he
said, "I'm working on trying
to move it to tomorrow."
>> KHLOE: No, no, but it's not
even working. It's...
>> KHADIJAH: You just do it!
>> KHLOE: It is so easy to do
that.
>> MALIKA: Whatever.
>> KHLOE: What are you laughing
at?
>> KOURTNEY: "The quality of
your life is the quality of your
relationships."
It's a Tony Robbins quote.
>> MALIKA: Really? I like that.
>> KHLOE: I was gonna say, what
did you just Google?
>> KOURTNEY: You can thank me
later.
>> MALIKA: I got it.
I like that.
>> KHLOE: "The quality of your
life is the quality of your
relationships."
>> KOURTNEY: Let's chant it
together now, shall we?
>> ALL: The quality of your life
is the quality of your
relationships.
(all humming one note)
>> KOURTNEY: I've been reading a
lot of Tony Robbins' work
lately.
>> KHLOE: Okay.
>> KOURTNEY: And I feel like
he's really inspired me to have
a positive outlook on life.
>> KHLOE: You're not normally
like this.
You're usually so negative and
have nothing positive to say.
>> KOURTNEY: It's just not cool
that you copy me.
'Cause you're a (bleep) bitch.
I want you guys to know this is
a nonorganic banana, because it
is (bleep) hard to open, A.
(groans)
(bleep) A.
>> KHLOE: For you to be going
from Negative Nancy to Positive
Penny is pretty strange.
>> KOURTNEY: I mean, I just
prefer to give Malika some
positive encouragement.
It's not what you say, it's how
you say it.
>> KHLOE: Okay.
>> MALIKA: Do you have any
other, like, positive
reinforcement or quotes you want
to share with me?
I'm gonna need it.
>> KOURTNEY: Yes.
"I have come to believe that all
my past failure and frustration
were actually laying the
foundation for the
understandings that I've
created, the new level of living
I now enjoy."
>> MALIKA: Amen.
>> KOURTNEY: I feel like all
this applies to me with Scott,
too, guys.
I'm making a change, and I want
you to know.
>> KHLOE: Ooh! Okrrr!
>> MALIKA: Right. All about
change.
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, cool.
>> MALIKA: I'm receiving that
for you.
>> KHLOE: What the (bleep) is
wrong with you?
Take the (bleep) photo.
>> KIM: Making it rain.
>> KENDALL: Can I have some rice
and beans?
>> KHLOE: Can you have some?
>> KENDALL: Mm-hmm.
>> KHLOE: Yeah.
You're gonna like this.
>> KENDALL: No, I don't like
hot.
>> KHLOE: No, it's not gonna be
that hot.
>> KENDALL: I don't like
spicy at all.
Like, literally, the tiniest
bit of spicy is so
uncomfortable.
>> KHLOE: You're not your
mother's daughter.
>> KENDALL: No. I'm not,
apparently.
>> KOURTNEY and KHLOE: Hi!
>> KENDALL: Okay, I'm gonna
leave.
>> KHLOE: No, no.
>> KOURTNEY: Let's sit down.
>> KHLOE: We never get to see
you.
>> KOURTNEY: Never.
>> KHLOE: You got to sit down
with us.
>> KRIS: Hi, guys.
>> KOURTNEY: Hey, Mom.
>> KRIS: Hey.
>> KHLOE: So, Mom, I have been
trying to find houses for me and
Tristan to rent this summer, in
the city, and it has been...
'Cause he's gonna come here, and
yeah, we have this house, but we
want both, like, 'cause he wants
to, you know, hang out, and
just, that's where he works out
is in the city.
>> KRIS: There's so many rentals
right now.
It's such a good time to go
look.
>> KHLOE: No, it's so hard.
That's why I want to help find
the rental.
I want to help and just, like,
make things easier for him.
>> KRIS: I would love to do
that.
>> KENDALL: In the city, there's
a lot less to rent than there
is...
>> KHLOE: And, like, they charge
so much (bleep) money.
>> KENDALL: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: For anything decent.
I have been looking non-stop for
rental homes, and time is
running out.
I haven't found one thing.
I am so grateful for how Tristan
makes me so comfortable in
Cleveland.
I just want the same for
Tristan.
>> KENDALL: What's-what's your
price range?
Look at this.
>> KHLOE: Oh, my goodness.
>> KENDALL: Filter.
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God, that's
beautiful!
How did you find this in two
seconds?
>> KENDALL: It has a gate.
>> KHLOE: Oh.
>> KENDALL: Like a big gate.
>> KHLOE: Kendall, you are,
like, a real estate agent.
>> KENDALL: This is really
pretty. Mmm!
>> KHLOE: I'm throwing a Fourth
of July party, you guys.
>> KOURTNEY: I'm not gonna be in
town.
>> KENDALL: Yeah, I'm not,
either.
Where are you going?
>> KHLOE: Where are you guys
going?
>> KOURTNEY: France.
>> KENDALL: Why are you going?
>> KHLOE: Kendall. Obviously,
why is she going.
>> KOURTNEY: Just going to...
>> KHLOE: To see her French
croissant.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Hi, honey.
>> KIM: What are you doing?
>> KRIS: Oh, just trying to keep
up with all my, um, e-mail.
>> KIM: Are you trying to keep
up with the Kardashians?
>> KRIS: God, I'm trying.
That purse is so good.
>> KIM: Thank you.
It's a Carole Bayer Sager
vintage.
>> KRIS: Stop.
>> KIM: She gave me some, yeah.
>> KRIS: So, what's going on,
honey?
>> KIM: Nothing. I'm just,
like...
I was in the area, and then I
have to go home and pack for
this whole... New York trip with
the Forbes conference, and
everything.
>> KRIS: Yeah. So exciting.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KRIS: That's a big deal.
>> KIM: It is really exciting.
I am nervous, just because I've
been, like, slowly taking my
time to come back.
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> KIM: And so, this is, like,
a serious, sit-down, major
interview.
This isn't, you know...
I don't know how something like
this could go.
Just if they want to ask me
crazy questions.
I mean, it's, like, Steve
Forbes, you know?
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> KIM: It's, like, hard for me
to get back out there.
The Forbes Women's Summit is an
amazing gathering of all
business people and
entrepreneurs, and I've been
asked to do the main speaking
event with Mr. Steve Forbes.
He's the editor-in-chief of
magazine, one of the
biggest business magazines in
the world.
You know, I think there's a lot
of pressure, especially since
everything that you say can be
taken out of context or just
taken the wrong way, so I want
to be prepared coming into this
talk.
>> FORBES: What do you say to
those who downplay or dismiss
your success?
>> KIM: I feel like my whole
career has been leading up to
this year.
I think that this Forbes
Summit-- it's, like, the perfect
place to announce that I'm
launching a makeup line.
Oh, my gosh.
I did a photo shoot, and there
were some people online saying
the photos were inappropriate.
>> STEPHANIE: What do you do?
It's already out.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Are you just gonna
bring...
>> KHLOE: Yeah, Ma...
>> KRIS: ...a suitcase with you
now wherever you go, and you're
not gonna let it go?
>> KHLOE: No. This was my
suitcase from Anguilla.
>> KRIS: And you just got it?
>> KIM: Oh, yeah, your luggage.
>> KHLOE: The boys left it in
Cleveland, so I basically went
on a deserted island with one
thing, and then just...
>> KRIS: You're like Gilligan?
>> KHLOE: Almost, you know.
>> KRIS: He had, like, one
outfit.
>> KHLOE: I think my island was
a little better.
>> KOURTNEY: You know, every
problem is the chance to do your
best.
>> KRIS: Oh, here comes Ms.
Sunshine.
>> KOURTNEY: "Little Miss
Sunshine," they call me, my part
of Calabasas.
>> KHLOE: I'm just saying, it
was quite annoying that we're on
this trip with everyone, and
only my luggage gets left
behind.
>> KOURTNEY: Life isn't about
waiting for the storm to pass.
It's about learning to dance...
>> KHLOE: It's about dancing in
the rain.
>> KOURTNEY: No. Let me finish.
>> KHLOE: Oh.
>> KOURTNEY: You don't know it.
You don't know it.
>> KHLOE: Sorry.
>> KOURTNEY: It's about learning
to dance in the rain.
>> KIM: Let her complain.
>> KHLOE: Right.
>> KRIS: Won't you, like, get on
our bandwagon here and help her
complain?
This is getting it out.
It feels good to complain once
in a while.
>> KHLOE: I feel like all Kourt
does is go from one extreme to
another.
Where she used to go to was just
sitting in sorrow and that
negativity, and, yeah, I don't
want her to go there, but being
this positive, that's also a
little crazy.
>> KOURTNEY: All right, guys.
I've had enough of this
negativity for today.
Why would I sit here and just
hear complaint after complaint?
So...
>> KIM: Okay.
>> KHLOE: So, where are you
going?
Everyone around you complains.
Where are you going?
>> KOURTNEY: No. I'm gonna go
surround myself with positive
vibes and love.
>> KHLOE: Well, good for you,
Kourt.
>> KIM: Good for you.
>> KHLOE: Good for you.
>> KRIS: Good on ya.
>> KHLOE: What (bleep) positive
pill did she take?
'Cause I think we all (bleep)
need to take that.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: I'm so excited to
announce, you guys, that I'm
launching KKW Beauty.
I really think you guys are
gonna love it.
I've worked so hard on this.
So get ready to be contoured.
Hi.
>> FORBES: Steve Forbes.
>> KIM: So nice to meet you.
>> FORBES: Very nice to meet
you.
>> KIM: I'm so excited to be
doing this.
>> FORBES: Thank you for doing
it.
>> KIM: Yeah, of course.
>> FORBES: And, uh, you have a
big announcement today?
>> KIM: Yeah, yeah, you know.
So I was, like, do I do it right
before? Don't I?
Do I wait till tomorrow?
But I'm doing a talk show
tomorrow, so I figured, let's
give it to Forbes instead of the
talk show.
>> FORBES: KKW Beauty?
>> KIM: Yes. I'm really excited.
I think that this Forbes
Summit-- it's, like, the perfect
place to announce that I'm
launching a makeup line, so I
know it's gonna be so exciting,
and we've been trying to think
of how we're gonna do it, and I
just feel like I'm here doing
press in New York, so there's no
better time than now to
announce it.
>> FORBES: What do you say to
those who downplay or dismiss
your success?
>> KIM: For people to always say
crazy, mean things-- I mean, it
definitely does get to me, but I
think that with the support of
my family, we've always kind of
come through on the other side.
I feel like my whole career has
been leading up to this year of
these launches, to where it's,
like, really authentically me.
So, I just really want to focus
on what I'm doing now-- now that
I feel like I've found my
place-- and just continue to do
that.
>> FORBES: Thank you for, uh,
sharing your time with us.
>> KIM: Of course.
>> FORBES: Uh, I think people
have a greater appreciation of
what you've done and are doing.
Thank you so much.
>> KIM: Aw, thank you so much.
(overlapping chatter)
(woman laughing)
>> NATALIE: Um, what would your
advice be to somebody who is
just starting out in their own
career?
>> KIM: I would say... just push
forward and work really hard.
Like, there's...
You cannot deny hard work.
>> JOY: Your mom...
Wait a second. Your mom's not
the boss of this now?
>> KIM: She's not.
>> BEHAR: You're the boss. Oh.
>> KIM: She... Don't worry.
She still gets her ten percent.
(laughter)
This year, I'm super excited
that just, I've gone from, you
know, having licensing deals to
being owners of my companies.
>> WHOOPI: Thank you for coming.
>> KIM: Thank you for having me,
seriously.
>> WHOOPI: It's a pleasure to
have you.
Come back any time.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: See you soon.
madre.
>> KRIS: Hi, honey.
>> KHLOE: Ooh.
>> KRIS: What are you doing?
(Khloe sighs)
>> KHLOE: Just stressed about
the house.
>> KRIS: Can you believe that
people show their house with an
unmade bed?
This is, like, photographs of
their home with pictures
Scotch-taped to the walls.
(Khloe chuckles)
Honest to God. It's wild.
>> KHLOE: I made some
appointments to go look at some
houses this Sunday.
Can you come with me to help me,
like, narrow this down?
>> KRIS (whispers): I can't.
>> KHLOE: Why not?
>> KRIS: I'm so... I'm swamped.
And I have to work.
>> KHLOE: Yeah, but you told me
to book it on a Sunday.
You said, "Any Sunday."
>> KRIS: I know, but I can't
this Sunday.
I could go by myself and then
give you a synopsis of why I
think the winner's the winner.
The winnah is the winnah.
(Khloe chuckles softly)
Khloe's not very happy with me
right now, because she thinks
I'm turning her down to go
house-hunting with her.
But she just doesn't know that
I'm really helping Tristan plan
the surprise party for her.
>> KOURTNEY: Wait, and
we're-we're... you're planning
a... like, a surprise birthday,
right?
>> TRISTAN: Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay.
>> TRISTAN: We're gonna do it in
L.A., just...
>> KOURTNEY: Anything you need
help with, just tell us.
She's upstairs.
>> KRIS: It kills me when my
kids are annoyed or upset with
me.
And Khloe's definitely annoyed.
I don't know what to do!
I can't tell her, but, at the
same time, I don't want her mad
at me.
I'm sorry, Khloe.
>> KHLOE: Mm-hmm.
>> KRIS: How 'bout something
that's for sale?
Just call up the people and say,
"Can we live there for three
months?"
>> KHLOE: I don't think when a
house is on sale, I can call and
say, "Hi, can I just stay in
your house for three months?"
Like, I don't think most people
do that.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Oh, my gosh.
I'm seeing these photos from the
campaign, the ones that we took,
and people online are saying
that I'm doing blackface.
But I would never in a million
years be disrespectful and do
that.
I did a photo shoot for my first
launch of my KKW Beauty Contour
Sticks.
And we wanted 'em really moody.
I was really tan.
I wanted to show the contour.
The photos ended up being a
little bit darker than I was.
And there were some people
online saying that I was doing
blackface and the... and the
photos were inappropriate.
♪ ♪
The Internet world is so toxic.
And I feel like people are just
waiting for you to make a
mistake, just to point it out.
>> STEPHANIE: What do you do?
It's already out.
♪ ♪
>> KHADIJAH: So now that you're
back, what's the plan when
Tristan gets here?
Did he get a place?
Or is he gonna stay here?
>> KHLOE: I just want everything
to be perfect.
>> SCOTT: I doubt that Khloe was
like, "All right, the last
person I'd want at my surprise
party would be Scott."
There's only one person that
would have gotten me not
invited.
It's funny to realize how fake
you really are.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: You know what, I'll call
Jen.
(line ringing)
>> JEN: Hold on, can you hear
me?
>> KIM: Yeah, I can hear you.
Hello?
>> JEN: Hi, hi, sorry, I'm in
the car.
>> KIM: So, I am seeing online
that people are thinking that
I'm doing blackface.
I just think I have to address
it, 'cause, like, if I don't,
then it'll turn into, like, one
of those situations that people
think I'm trying to ignore
something serious and then it...
I just don't want it to turn
thing, instead of the
launch and what we're working so
hard to do.
>> JEN: Yeah, I think take the
pictures down, and you want this
to be all positive, all about
the product, and we don't want
to get off on the wrong foot.
Then we'll just have to explain
that that wasn't your intention,
we'll redo the images, we'll
make sure they're perfect, and
just say that it was the
lighting of the image, of the
photo shoot.
>> KIM: Okay. Thank you so much.
Will you call the photographer
and just have them fix it?
And then get the new images?
>> JEN: Yeah. I'm gonna call
them right now.
>> KIM: Okay. Thank you so much.
>> JEN: You're welcome.
>> KIM: Okay, bye.
>> JEN: Bye.
>> STEPHANIE: Like, it just
sucks, because it wasn't the
intention.
>> KIM: I mean, I get it.
I was super tan, the lighting is
really moody, so I can get why
people would say that.
I just don't want to give anyone
a reason to say something
negative.
>> STEPHANIE: Yeah. For sure.
>> KIM: When you're, you know,
running (bleep), you just
literally have to own up to it
and you have to change it and
fix it and not, like, hide and
not understand.
I fully understood what people
were saying.
But I'm not gonna let this...
ruin all the hard work we put
into it and, like, dwell on it.
Let's fix it, let's move on.
I would... Everyone knows, I
think, that I would never, ever,
ever do a photo shoot like that.
And I would never disrespect
anyone.
I mean, I'm not gonna freak out.
I just want to make sure we,
like, handle it.
Let's, like, get it over with.
No time to, like, freak out and
make excuses.
>> STEPHANIE: I feel bad.
>> KIM: We just have to move on.
>> STEPHANIE: No, we'll have it
handled.
It'll be fine.
♪ ♪
>> KHADIJAH: Um, excuse me,
missy, have you worn this yet?
>> KHLOE: No, someone just sent
it.
(Khadijah humming sultry song)
>> MALIKA: You look terrible.
(laughing)
>> KHADIJAH: You're a naughty
little thing.
>> MALIKA: Aren't you?
>> KHADIJAH: Yay, Tristan.
Um, so now that you're back,
what's the plan when Tristan
gets here?
Did he get a place?
Or is he gonna stay here?
>> KHLOE: Well, of course this
is, like, his house is, like,
my house... his house is my
house there, like...
But we wanted to get a house in
the city.
I just have so much going on
right now, like, 'cause the boys
are now in town.
Trying to figure this out,
finding a house in the city.
It's like, "Okay."
Like, I'm just a little...
>> KHADIJAH: It's your thoughts.
Don't stress yourself out,
because this is all things you
are very capable of, 'cause
you've done them a hundred
times.
>> KHLOE: I just want everything
to be perfect.
He makes me feel so special and,
like, everything's ours there.
I want him to feel the same
here.
>> MALIKA: Khloe, that's what
you specialize in.
>> KHLOE (whispers): It's just
I have a lot of anxiety.
>> MALIKA: And it's all gonna
pan out.
>> KHADIJAH: Your thoughts go
crazy on things that are yet to
come yet.
Just calm your thoughts, so you
can calm yourself.
>> MALIKA: Yes, Mama Khadijah.
>> KHADIJAH: Then you can enjoy
it.
>> KHLOE: L-Let's just... I
can't do this right now.
I really can't handle this
conversation.
No, no, we've really got to
stop.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Have you seen what's
going on downstairs?
>> LAURA: No. Is it amazing?
>> KIM: Oh, I want to show you.
>> LAURA: Oh, yeah?
I can't wait.
>> KIM: Yeah, should we run out
there real quick and just see?
(indistinct chatter)
>> LAURA: Oh, my gosh.
>> KIM: So we carpeted the whole
downstairs since it was all
stone.
>> LAURA: Wow. Amazing.
>> KIM: So you're gonna be able
to stand inside and it's like
this infinity thing, where,
like, you see a million of yous,
you know?
>> LAURA: I love it.
>> KIM: The concept of my launch
party is I really wanted it in
my home, and I wanted to
transform my whole downstairs
into this, like, KKW Beauty,
like, showroom.
I wanted everyone to feel really
intimate.
Every room had to be, like, an
Instagrammable moment.
>> LAURA: Wow. Well, as a whole,
but it's, like... it's an
experience.
>> KIM: Yeah. Rachel?
Can it just be the same color?
There's so much risk.
There's so much at stake.
And I'm in charge of every last
detail.
I really want it to be
successful.
I really want it to do well.
This has been what I've been
working for for ten years.
And seeing downstairs, like, I'm
so nervous.
They're, like, down to the wire
of, like, finishing it up.
>> HAIRSTYLIST: It'll be done.
Don't worry.
>> KIM: But just to even know
that, like, all these people are
coming over just for something
that I worked on.
And after ten years of, like,
hustling in the game.
This whole entire launch is,
basically, on my shoulders.
>> MAKEUP ARTIST: It's finally
here.
>> KIM: It's finally here.
>> KRIS: Tonight's Khloe's
surprise party, and I am so
excited.
Here they come!
>> KHLOE: Is this a bar?
♪ ♪
>> SCOTT: I can understand you
your
birthday.
But your sister, who I've known
forever...
Like, I would have wanted to be
there for her.
I don't get it. Be honest.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Mario, is the white
dress better than the brown?
>> MARIO: Yeah, I think so.
>> KIM: I love seeing everything
come together.
I have an amazing launch party
that I have planned for tonight,
and I'm so excited to meet
everyone.
We are now in the KKW Showroom.
Look at how cool!
>> STEPHANIE: Can I let people
in?
>> KIM: Yeah.
Hi, guys!
How are you? Of course.
>> WOMAN: I'm so excited to
check it out.
>> KIM: Oh, my God, thank you.
>> WOMAN: You look beautiful, of
course.
>> KIM: Thank you.
>> KRIS: Hi!
I love the orange. Mwah!
>> JOYCE: I'm wearing my Kylie
and Kendall dress.
>> KRIS: Stop.
(Joyce laughs)
>> KIM: Hi, guys.
I just wanted to say hi.
>> PATRICK: Congratulations.
>> KIM: Thank you so much for
coming.
>> PATRICK: Patrick.
Nice to meet you.
>> KIM: Nice to meet you.
>> WOMAN: You look so beautiful!
>> KIM: Oh, my gosh. Thank you.
>> KANDEE: This is amazing!
>> KIM: Thank you!
>> KANDEE: The packaging is
beautiful, the product is
beautiful.
And I feel like people, when
they think of contouring, they
just think of you. Like...
>> KIM: Oh, thank you.
♪ ♪
>> PATRICK: We're gonna swatch
an exclusive...
Oh, that is so good!
>> KIM: My first swatch test
that I've done on someone here
at the party.
I'm getting to meet so many of
the beauty bloggers and
YouTubers that I've never met
before.
This is, like, a whole new world
for me.
So I'm so excited that I'm just
having so much fun doing it and
meeting all of these amazing
people.
(indistinct chatter)
>> KIM: How do you decide what
looks you're going to do?
>> JAMES: I was looking at the
KKW picture, and I was like,
okay, well, you look bronzy and
glowy as (bleep), so let me try
to do something like a little
less, like, obnoxious tonight.
>> KIM: Yeah. So cool. Yeah.
>> JAMES: You look so... Those
pictures are so (bleep) good.
>> KIM: Thank you.
>> JAMES: You just look so good.
It all, like, came together so
fast.
>> JAMES: I mean, it looks so
bomb.
I'm definitely... I'm filming
with this tomorrow.
>> KIM: Oh, thank you.
>> JAMES: Should we do a selfie?
>> KIM: Yeah. Let's do... we
should do it in the rose room.
Have you seen the rose room?
Okay.
It's such an amazing feeling
just seeing it all come to life.
Me and Mario.
How gorg is this room?
>> MARIO: This is amazing.
>> KIM: You guys, this is, like,
the OG crew.
>> HAILEE: What's up? We're here
at Kim K's launch for makeup.
It's the best thing I've ever
tried.
>> KIM: We worked so hard on
this.
It seemed like such a rush, and
I was, like, in such a panic to
make everything perfect.
Kanye saw the plans, and it was
so helpful, his input.
He called our florist, and we
made that whole flower rose
room last-minute.
And that was honestly, like, the
biggest attraction.
>> MAN: What the (bleep) is
this?
Oh, my gosh.
>> MALIKA: This is magical.
A flower ceiling?
>> KIM: Everyone so far is
loving it.
There's such amazing press on
this launch party.
And I'm so happy that we made so
many changes so it would be
perfect.
(indistinct chatter)
>> MALIKA: Babe, I love you.
I'm so proud of you.
>> KIM: Thank you.
>> MALIKA: Are you excited?
Are you, like, good with the way
it turned out?
>> KIM: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> MALIKA: Well, good! It's been
a long time coming, Kimberly,
for you to do something with
makeup.
>> KIM: I'm excited. It is.
>> MALIKA: I'm proud of you,
baby.
I love you, too.
>> KIM: I'm gonna have another
grilled cheese.
>> MALIKA: It's a success, she's
eating!
>> KIM: Love you.
>> KHADIJAH: Love you.
Talk to you later.
>> KIM: All right.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Tonight's Khloe's
surprise party, and I am so
excited.
Everyone's here, all her
friends and family, and I cannot
wait to see her face when she
walks in.
(quiet chatter)
>> KRIS: Shh. I hear 'em.
♪ ♪
Here they come.
>> KHLOE: Is this a bar?
>> TRISTAN: Yeah, we're going to
a bar.
>> KOURTNEY: Sometimes I just
smile.
>> KHLOE: You're bottling up the
truth.
Negative Nance needs to get out
sometimes.
>> KOURTNEY: Our lives are
changing, and there's times
when I want you to come, and
there's times that I don't.
Those are big events for me.
>> SCOTT: Yeah, but they're also
big events for me.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Here they come.
>> KHLOE: Is this a bar?
>> TRISTAN: Yeah, we're going to
a bar.
>> OTHERS: Surprise!
(cheering, shouting)
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God!
I don't even know what's
happening!
Oh, my God!
Babe!
>> TRISTAN: That was good,
right?
>> KHLOE: I had no (bleep) idea.
I've never had a surprise
party, ever.
Oh, my God!
We were at dinner, and Tristan
was so calm.
Like, he was as cool as a
cucumber.
He's good at surprise parties,
'cause I had no clue.
♪ ♪
>> DEEJAY: Can we get everybody
to surround the stage, please?
(cheering, whooping)
>> TRISTAN: Um, first thing, of
course, happy birthday.
Um...
another year, another life,
another year on this beautiful
Earth.
I'm very honored and glad to be
a part of your journey.
Ever since I met you, uh...
>> ALL: Oh!
>> TRISTAN (laughs): Shout out.
Shout out, Brandon.
You already know set up that
blind date.
>> KHLOE: Thank you, Brandon!
>> TRISTAN: But, uh, baby, it's
your day.
It's your month.
It's your year.
And I feel good being around
you, girl.
(whooping, cheering)
>> KHLOE: I am having the best
time.
Tristan is just incredible.
I've never been this happy, and
I am so lucky to be with someone
that is so thoughtful and so
sweet.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: Kourt?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah?
>> KHLOE: Do you want to help?
>> KOURTNEY: Not really.
>> KHLOE: Okay.
Don't look at my sunglasses!
>> KOURTNEY: I am.
>> KHLOE: No!
>> KOURTNEY: I'm just l...
peeking, you (bleep).
Damn.
This is why we never get things
done, 'cause we get sidetracked.
>> KOURTNEY: I've never seen
your closet...
>> KHLOE: Like this?
>> KOURTNEY: Such a catastrophe.
Actually, ever.
>> KHLOE: 'Cause I got to find
a place for all Tristan's stuff.
(line ringing)
This is a lot.
>> TRISTAN (over phone): Yes,
baby?
>> KHLOE: Do you want me to hang
this stuff up in here and put
them in, like, on hangers so we
can transfer them to the other
closet, or do you not know if
you want to keep this stuff?
>> TRISTAN: Yeah, I'm gonna keep
it, but my stuff can stay
folded.
>> KHLOE: Okay.
>> TRISTAN: It's been real,
guys.
>> KHLOE (laughs): Bye.
After talking with Tristan, we
have come to the conclusion that
I'm crazy.
I don't know why I was stressing
myself out, when we have our
beautiful home in Calabasas.
All Tristan really wants is to
be with me, and just for us to
be able to enjoy our summer
together.
That's really all that matters.
So, Kourt?
>> KOURTNEY: Yep?
>> KHLOE: This closet's
obviously overwhelmed, so I'm
taking stuff out of that closet
and moving it to that bedroom.
>> KOURTNEY: Where's his stuff
gonna be?
>> KHLOE: In the main bathroom.
Like, over there.
But I'm moving some stuff out,
and putting it in this guest
thing.
>> KOURTNEY: How annoying would
that be if he came in here to
get ready?
>> KHLOE: No, but just, he's a
guy, and we're all girls in
here-- I don't want him walking
around with, like, his shlong
around everywhere. You know?
>> KOURTNEY (laughing): Long
dick dong.
>> KHLOE (laughing): Long
What's happening?
Oh, stop.
(laughter)
Long dick dong.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Kourt?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah. Hey. Hey.
>> KIM: I have these presents
for the girls that I got from
the Coakers and Wolfson's.
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, cute.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: Hey.
>> SCOTT: Did we have four of
these at one time?
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-mm.
>> SCOTT: Or you got one fixed?
>> KOURTNEY: I get them fixed
all the time.
They're so annoying, most
expensive barstools that need
to be repaired.
Is this yours?
>> SCOTT: No. That's all you.
>> KOURTNEY: I would go insane
if I drank this.
>> SCOTT: You went insane a long
time ago.
>> KOURTNEY: That girl tried to
come to Khloe's party-- like,
six times she was asking people.
And I was like, it's a firm no,
actually. (laughs)
>> SCOTT: (bleep) I didn't even
get invited to her birthday.
>> KOURTNEY: Exactly.
>> SCOTT: I'm family.
That was really sweet.
That made me feel really good.
>> KIM: I mean... I don't do,
like, a family roll call, so...
>> SCOTT: No, I mean, there's
only one person that would have
gotten me not invited, and that
would be Kourtney.
I highly doubt that Khloe was
like, "Guys, the last person I'd
want at my surprise party would
be Scott."
It's cool. Honestly, I called my
sister, and I hung out with her
the whole night.
And then I actually called my
mom after, I'm like, "Hey, Mom,
want to come over?
'Cause I'm feeling a little down
and lonely, 'cause the family
that claims I'm still blood even
though we're not together still
doesn't invite me to a surprise
party, but I really felt good
about it."
>> KOURTNEY: The pity party is
why you would think that you
would act differently.
>> SCOTT: Okay, and acting
differently meaning...?
>> KOURTNEY: There's things that
you just should know.
>> SCOTT: I don't know because
you don't discuss with me or
communicate.
I can understand you not
birthday.
But your sister, who I've known
forever-- longer than anybody
else who was there outside of
the family.
Like, I would have wanted to be
there for her.
I don't get it. Be honest.
>> KOURTNEY: Hmm. I didn't want
to have you coming to the
birthday and be photographed
going in, and just like...
>> SCOTT: "Photographed going
in" is your concern?
♪ ♪
My concern would be there to be
there for your sister, who I
love and care about for the past
ten to 12 years and been there
for through thick and thin, and
marriages, and all these
different things.
>> KOURTNEY: I'm a little bit
caught off guard, and I just
said that I didn't want to be
photographed, even though that's
really not what I meant.
I just tried to be positive, and
I didn't want to say, like, "I
just didn't want you there."
So if I can't say anything nice,
I just won't say anything at
all.
>> SCOTT: That's all (bleep).
It's funny to realize how fake
you really are, though.
>> KOURTNEY: You think you can
go out and do whatever you want.
>> SCOTT: I'd like to try to
(bleep) be a better person, but
it's not the simplest thing.
>> KOURTNEY: At this point, you
really don't know what you
should be doing?
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: Hi, princess.
>> PENELOPE: Hi, KoKo.
>> KHLOE: Can I have a huggy?
Oh. Hi.
How are you?
>> PENELOPE: Good.
>> KHLOE: You're good?
I love these pants.
Look at mommy's body.
Doesn't she look so gorgeous?
>> KOURTNEY: Not without makeup,
though, right?
That's what she tells me.
>> PENELOPE: No.
>> KHLOE: Don't lie. Mommy looks
pretty without makeup.
>> KOURTNEY: Am I doing stairs?
>> TRAINER: Elliptical, first.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay.
>> TRAINER: Five minutes.
>> KOURTNEY: So, yesterday,
Scott came over and brought up
the birthday.
But, like, I just didn't have
the words, and I feel like when
I talk to him in person
sometimes I just smile.
So I was just smiling, like,
couldn't really get the words
out, but I said...
>> KHLOE: And I think that makes
him more mad.
My question is: did you tell
him... like, what did you say?
Like, do you think he
understands that there's going
to be a transitional period,
that now he can't be invited to
every family event if it doesn't
have to do with the kids?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah. I think so.
Maybe I need to repeat that.
>> TRAINER: And break.
>> KHLOE: Listen, I love being
positive, I love Positive Penny,
I do.
But I don't think it's wrong if
you have the conversation with
him.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, I know.
I know what you're saying.
>> KHLOE: Sometimes you're so
positive, and we're all an
incredibly forgiving family.
We just sometimes need to be,
like, still "I could forgive you
and have you in my life."
We just gotta set boundaries.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, like, I need
to... Whether I'm, like,
positive or upset, or whatever
it is, it's, like, just get my
emotions out, instead of just
being, like, numb to everything.
I held back in my conversation
with Scott because I was trying
to keep my positive ways.
But sometimes it feels good to
have, like, real emotions.
And I think it's just time to be
honest.
>> KHLOE: I feel like you're
Snapped
one day.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: Because you're
bottling up all this stuff
that's, like, the truth.
You're just like... what the
(bleep)?
Why are you laughing?
>> KOURTNEY: I just have a,
a major problem in life.
>> KHLOE: Laughing 'cause you're
uncomfortable?
(Kourtney laughing)
♪ ♪
>> KOURTNEY: Hey, Khlo.
Look at these flowers.
>> SCOTT: This is insane.
>> KHLOE: I have some upstairs.
They're for everywhere.
It's beautiful.
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, I was gonna
say, don't you like to disperse?
>> KHLOE: Yes, they are all
dispersed.
>> SCOTT: You have a lot of
people that love you, Khlo.
>> KHLOE: I do, and I've never--
This is, like, the first year
I've ever had all of this.
It's so nice.
>> KOURTNEY: Why do you have all
this condensation around?
>> KHLOE: The air wasn't
working; it's now working.
Maybe that's why.
Maybe it was warmer in these
things, and now it's cooling
off.
And I like it cold.
>> KOURTNEY: Should we take it
to the house?
>> KHLOE: And I have flowers
that I like to keep cool, so
they last longer.
>> KOURTNEY: Should we take it
over there?
>> KHLOE: I don't even-- This
has nothing to do with me.
>> KOURTNEY: Nothing like a good
old-fashioned chat.
So, I was recapping Khloe this
morning in our workout about
what we talked about last night.
And we thought that our lives
are changing, and, like, there's
times when I want you to come.
Like, and there's times that I
don't.
♪ ♪
I just sometimes want to be
able to go do social things...
>> SCOTT: And you can.
Every single day of your whole
entire life, every day.
>> KOURTNEY: But those are big
events for me.
>> SCOTT: Yeah, but they're also
big events for me.
You act as if, like, I wasn't
there for this family.
I just feel like you love that
you are able to hold this over
me, and that's, like, your
control factor.
♪ ♪
>> SCOTT: I just feel like you
love that you are able to hold
this over me, and that's like
your control factor.
>> KOURTNEY: And I feel like you
think you can go out and do
whatever you want, and purposely
try to hurt me and still get
invited to everything.
>> SCOTT: What does that mean,
though, at the end of the day?
What do you think that really
means?
That means I hate you, or does
that mean that I actually love
you and I do things out of
spite?
>> KOURTNEY: But that's...
that's not a way to show your
love.
>> SCOTT: No!
>> KOURTNEY: And when someone's
trying to (bleep) with me, I'm
not into having them at my
sister's party.
>> SCOTT: I don't think that I
do the right thing.
I know that.
But for something like this,
this is not exactly the...
>> KOURTNEY: But when you
intentionally are trying to hurt
me and be, like, tit for tat,
that doesn't make me want to be
like, "let's invite Scott to the
party, and I want to hang out
with him."
>> SCOTT: But, again, it wasn't
about you in this instance.
If it was your birthday, I get
it.
>> KHLOE: I am on the longest
Ferris wheel of all time.
Like, we got to get off the ride
at some point and get on a new
one.
Like, it's the same old story
over and over and over again.
>> SCOTT: Okay, so, let's be
honest.
I mean, obviously, I'm not able
to handle everything that well.
I don't have the best support
team.
I'd like to try to (bleep) be a
better person, but it's not the
simplest thing.
>> KOURTNEY: You already know
the things that you should be
doing in life.
You don't need me to tell you
them.
We're not gonna sit here and go
over it again for the 100th time
in ten years or more.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: I am proud of Kourt
for expressing herself.
But I just need this to go
further than just this room.
I feel like, okay, this is the
good first step.
And I just really hope she
sticks with it.
>> KOURTNEY: You really don't
know what you should be doing?
You're gonna tell me that?
You're one of the smartest
people I've met.
>> SCOTT: Aw, you want to make
out?
>> KHLOE: Seriously, you guys
are so (bleep) dysfunctional,
and I don't know if this is,
like, something you guys do as
foreplay, but this is (bleep)
nuts.
>> SCOTT: When do you think
we're gonna get married, by the
way? Like, 40? I mean...
>> KOURTNEY: You think that when
I turn 40 I'm gonna go, "Hey,
I've been looking for this drunk
guy, and he has a bunch of dirty
(bleep) stained underwear...
(laughs) whores...
>> KHLOE: You two are so (bleep)
nuts, seriously.
And the fact that you waste my
time, when you guys are now just
gonna go get mani-pedis
together.
>> KOURTNEY: No!
>> KHLOE: Look at this.
>> KOURTNEY: I'm not going...
We don't hook up.
>> KHLOE: But you're getting...
You guys are getting
manicure-pedicures together?
>> KOURTNEY: No. I'm going to
get my nails done.
He's going to hang out with the
kids.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: (bleep) sick.
On the next episode...
>> KRIS: This is Madhvi.
She is my scribe.
>> KHLOE: What the (bleep) can't
you remember, where you need
this person jotting everything
down?
If you look up all these
streets, there's tons of tents.
>> KIM: The homeless issue is a
full epidemic.
>> MAN: This is the worst
man-made disaster in the United
States.
>> KIM: It's just, like,
heartbreaking.
I just want to figure out what
I can do to help.
Captioning sponsored by
BUNIM-MURRAY PRODUCTIONS